# TCP-Chat-Program
A java chat program based on TCP connection. The program consists of two Java projects, one for the client and one for the server. First we run the server which has Start Server and Close Server options as well as an option to display the connected clients. When it starts with the Start option, it creates the threats and opens the specific communicationPort. At the same time, it displays a message on its screen that it has started its operation, waiting for connection requests from the clients. The Close option closes the threat and terminates the program after first sending a message to clients that it has closed. Then we run the client application which according to the requirements has options for username, which we can fill in, as well as for port (initially contains a default) which we can change. It is also possible to connect with a random username as well as with no username (total anonymity) if we leave the username field blank. The address is given. The function it performs when connecting (either with connect or random) is to first connect to communicationPort (999) and then after it is connected, a connection is requested to the port that exists in the corresponding field port_field. If we do not change the value of port_field the connection is made by default at 1111. In this way each client has the ability to communicate on a different port with the server. During the connection a similar message is displayed. The client has a field where we enter a message which is sent to the server and it forwards it to the logged in users (this technique is not the appropriate as the clients should communicate directly with each other for the exchange of messages and the server to be just an observer. We can also enter command messages in the message field (/ connect_request XXXX: for a new connection on the door XXXX) as well as the ability to display logged in users to each client separately by entering the / list command. A similar message is displayed when logging out.
